---
title: 'Cupbots monthly accounting'
date: 2022-11-20
isPrivate: true
tags:
  - cupbots
  - accounting
---

I have a company called Cupbots OU registered in Estonia.

You'll need to help upload invoices and expenses into Xolo and my cloud drive.

# Login details

## email

url: tutanota.com
user: sshawn@tutanota.com

## mega.nz (cloud storage)

Url: mega.nz
User: sshawn@tutanota.com

# What you'll need to do

Expenses and invoices will be forwarded to sshawn@tutanota.com. Some documents will also be uploaded to the root folder in cloud.

You'll need to:

- rename new documents in this format: yyyymmdd-serviceName-optionalOtherDetails
  - example:
    - 20201223-amazon.pdf
    - 20201223-petrol-seremban-shell.pdf
    - 20201223-airbnb_m-kl.pdf
- put the documents into the correct folder in the cloud and upload them into Xolo.

All white spaces must be replaced with dash "-".

You don't need to rename older files that are already filed in the correct folder.

# Cloud folders

You'll see two folders:

- finance
- personal-finance

Put these documents into 'personal-finance' folder:

- credit card and bank statements from maybank, citibank, dbs, icbc and ocbc
- Expenses not claimable (see below)

# List of cost I can claim as expenses

https://www.xolo.io/faq/xolo-leap/category/get-started/article/which-costs-am-i-allowed-to-claim-as-business-expenses

# Expenses to ignore

- Food
- gifts

Place receipts of these type into 'personal-finance' cloud folder. You don't need to upload to Xolo.

You don't need to upload Xolo receipts to Xolo - only upload into the cloud folder.

# Business trips

If you see any receipts on fuel, transport, flight, sim card and accomodations, you'll need to create a business trip before uploading the receipts. I'll keep a 'trip.xls' in the cloud folder. Let me know if there are missing trips.

# Other tasks

- create invoices
- pull out csv generated by Xolo and find SUM of expenses for a date range
- alert me if you see any missing dates for recurring payment receipts

# Estimated time you'll need

This task will recur every month.

I estimate you'll need 1 hour a month.

For the first month when you start this task, I'll allocate 4 hours for u to organize documents from March 2020 and familiarize with the process.
