# 2022-12-31 2023 goal

Build leverage as a solopreneur.

Launch projects that do 15k MRR so that I can quit Securo.

Write more. Go nomad again.

# Previous year review

## 1: What did I change my mind on this year?

I decided to take a remote work as a developer. Turned out, I still hate taking orders and doing work for people. Pursuing the vision of others instead of projects that fill you time isn't right for me.

Working full time for someone is still my worst nightmare.

I need to build and launch more as a solopreneur. Then I can leave my dayjob.

Also, I thought going all in on an investment was a good idea because YOLO. But that hurt me and diversification is still key regardless of how confident or profitable.

Fully decentralized web3 doesn't seem to be possible next year.

## 2: What created energy this year?

Coding. My own projects. Learning and using AI. Backtesting and building a systematic portfolio.

Waking up at any time I want.

## 3: What drained energy this year?

Securo. Wild Rift. Slack. Video calls. Going to office 9 to 5. Drinking session with meaningless conversation.

## 4: What/Who were dragging your life down a.k.a boat anchors?

Drinking buddies. Securo.

## 5: What did I not do because of fear?

Travelling as a slow nomad.

Quiting Securo early.

## 6: What were my greatest hits and worst misses this year?

Hits: Hired as a Senior Software Developer means I'm capable of learning stuff and delivering.

Misses: All in on crypto. Not launching more projects. Not writing more. Not exercising more. Not slow-nomading.

## 7: What did I learn this year?

Svelte. Web3.

# This Year

## Big Goals

I'm going to quit Securo by August because I've launched projects that makes $15,000 MRR.

Build software that fulfills these criteria:
- not focused in Malaysia
- sells even when I'm sleeping
- not trying to do too much

## Checkpoint Goals

Launch one project in January.

Get $1000 MRR by March.

By Jun, $7,500 MRR.

Check in every last Saturday of the month.

## Daily Systems

30 minutes of writing in the morning and night.

Read for 30 minutes a day.

Focus more on my hustle than working for Securo.

Don't take up another full time work.

No mobile games.

## Anti-Goals

Never work weekend for Securo.

Never agree to go to office.

Don't agree to work for anything less than $100 an hour. Not even for a friend.

Tags
---
:2023:
:annual-review:
:goal:
