# 2022-01-10: 2022 goal

**Attention**.

- Health: 15 minutes a day full body workout
- Money: Invest 50%. $100 per hour. I don't need a new laptop.
- Work: Launch as SaaS a month. Focus on Web2.
- Adventure: Do 2 trips.
- Personal: Give more.

<!-- vim-markdown-toc GFM -->

* [2021 review](#2021-review)
  * [Health 2/5](#health-25)
  * [Money 2/5](#money-25)
  * [Work 2/5](#work-25)
  * [Adventure 1/5](#adventure-15)
  * [Personal 3/5](#personal-35)
* [2022 goals](#2022-goals)
  * [Word of the year: Attention](#word-of-the-year-attention)
  * [Health](#health)
  * [Money](#money)
  * [Work](#work)
  * [Adventure](#adventure)
  * [Personal](#personal)
  * [Fear setting](#fear-setting)

<!-- vim-markdown-toc -->

# 2021 review

## Health 2/5

Didn't do much workout. Belly is growing.

Do more crunches when reading book.

Lift more.

## Money 2/5

Didn't track much. Invested in crypto without knowing my allocations.

Gotta be more structured.

Bulk of income came from freelance work.

## Work 2/5

SaaS didn't work out.

Shoperware didn't work out because:
1. Too geographic focus. Don't build a SaaS that's focused on one country only.
2. Scraped data grows too fast. Database cost will keep on increasing.
3. Users don't know what to do with the data.
4. Building on top of Shopee API is risky. Any change in API or HTML layout will bring down your app.

Freelance work is still supporting my life.

## Adventure 1/5

COVID.

Think of more simple stuff to do locally. Like star gazing.

## Personal 3/5

Felt I didn't do more surprises for Jiun.

And I feel my testosterone level going down.

Need to write more.

On the bright side, I don't feel lonely.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

# 2022 goals

## Word of the year: Attention

Willpower is limitless but attention is limited.

I can only focus on one thing at a time.

And time is more valuable than money.

So if someone is asking me to look at something, they need to buy my attention.

Say no to ASAP work. Schedule it or it won't have my attention.

## Health

Aim to do full body workout using dumbbells only for 16 minutes a day.

Do this: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4pET4k_vtI4

## Money

Aim $3000 in MRR. That's 30 person for a $100/month SaaS.

Be discipline in tracking my finance in beancount.

Hold RM 30,000 of emergency fund and put into fixed deposit. This is derived from `RM 2500 monthly expenses * 12`.

Invest 20% gross income.

Allocate 70% stocks, 20% bonds, and 10% in high risk assets including crypto.

No more than 5% of portfolio in a single name.

Hire a book keeper.

Automate.

My attention is worth $100 per hour. There's no friend price.

Do not buy a new laptop, monitor, or phone.

## Work

I'll only focus on 2 Saas:
1. Yaya ERP
2. Undetermined SaaS

The other SaaS should have these criterias:
1. Not restricted to Malaysia only.
2. Begin from a problem, not solution
3. Not dependant on a single API.
4. Not free.

## Adventure

Make 2 overseas trip with Jiun — all expenses covered.

## Personal

Give more to people.

Keep in touch with 1 old friend every month.

## Fear setting

A flood can wipe out all my physical assets. Keep things digitally and make backups.

Having COVID and no money to pay for hospital means I have no chance to survive. Build an SaaS.

