# MVP cycle

Date: 3 Jan to 14 Feb

Goal: Finish up MVP to start marketing

## Key metrics

- 100% completion of all key outcomes

## Summary

I've created cycles but never had I adhere to achieve 100% completion. This MVP is long overdue for a year.

No more new features. Cupbots MVP will have 3 skills: FAQ, booking and Storybot.

This allows me to market it as a marketing or customer support chatbot.

I'll not focus on branch businesses in this cycle.

## Key outcomes

### Big batch

- [x] Create backend tests with 100% pass for web & facebook.
    - [] Booking bot
        - [] Business with multiple services
        - [] Business with single service
        - [] Business with hotel-booking
        - [] Anonymous user booking
    - [] FAQ
        - [] Create tests for 20 questions for hotel business.
        - [] Ensure it doesn't clash with existing bot skills
    - [] Storybot
        - [] Create 3 storybot to test
        - [] Runs for activated storybot and skips deactivated storybot
        - [] Calls another storybot
        - [] Able to lead to booking bot
        - [] Activate Storybot using URL.

- [] Ensure frontend works with the Vuetify and Nuxt new version.
    - [] Booking bot
        - [] Separate operating hours and services.
        - [] Remove all branch-related features first
        - [] Service settings
    - [] FAQ
        - [] UI
    - [] Storybot
        - [] UI for CRUD storybot
    - [] Facebook connection page
    - [] Landing page redesign

### Small batch

- [] Find a list of 20 dream clients to create a chatbot demo.
- [] Write 5 articles on why messaging will strive in 2020.
